Add timing distribution buckets to the analysis gotchas (#344)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/concepts/analysis_gotchas.md

When looking at trends, it is helpful to be aware of events from the past that might impact comparisons with history. Here are a few to keep in mind:

> - **October 29 2019** - Glean SDK Timing Distribution(s) are reporting buckets 1 nanoseconds apart. This is due to a potential rounding bug in Glean SDK versions < 19.0.0. See [this bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1591938).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **October 29 2019** - Glean SDK Timing Distribution(s) are reporting buckets 1 nanosecond apart. This is due to a potential rounding bug in Glean SDK versions less than `19.0.0`. See [this bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1591938).
```
